so I will say that I did eventually get
this act in the depths crew I really
came out what I wound up doing actually
was when this was on still I'm just sort
of very very gently tapping it with a
hammer as I had a large screwdriver at
this end and twisted it and that got it
to break through and feed that's after
several cycles of cleaning with this
citrus a degreaser cleaner and then I
used what's in this penetrating oil so
that got all of this apart with the
depth setting met micrometer mechanism
there's a little catch clip right here
and then the screw so this is all taken
apart now it'll need to be cleaned up
really good this is attached to the
quill and that's the stock nut okay and
so I'll probably take that apart as well
in the next step I'm not sure if we take
the spin allowed or not a point over to
here this the felt looks like it was out
you have the oiler right here which has
some gunk in it and probably replacing a
felt in there and then comes down into
here spindle and I'll probably take that
I'll clean it but I believe there is let
me just point down into here right up
right here I'm attached to here and then
on the other side
it's
this screw right here believe there's
supposed to be a piece of belt over the
spindle as a like a cover or something
so I think that's missing in this the
spindle itself looks like it spins just
fine and I'm not sure how far I'm going
to continue disassembling because
everything actually otherwise internally
really looks pretty good not a lot of
wear or anything so I think it just may
need some paint cleaning up getting the
X from the debris out this is from a
plastics factory and unfortunately I
think a lot of junk just sort of sprayed
up and I'm not sure how clean they kept
the outside of it but at least looks
like the inside probably has been
rebuilt at least once maybe more and so
this aerial I'll have to be totally
cleaned here as well there's this junk
and there it'll make the feed mechanism
move smoothly and then this I want to I
do want to take this apart you have to
figure out how to get that bearing out
of there again dental pick may be the
way to go for now over it